About First Land:
FirstLand understands that the real estate process can be overwhelming, confusing, and time-consuming. That's why we've developed cutting-edge AI technology that streamlines the entire process, making it faster, more efficient, and more enjoyable for everyone involved.

1. What tech stack will you use for your final project?  As a Python developer I'll use Python/Flask for this project.
 
2. Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project?  Yes, I will create a full stack web including jQuery and database.
 
3. Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else? Website in the beginning for this project. Later on I'll focus on the application.
 
4. What goal will your project be designed to achieve? full stack web including jQuery and database.
 
5. What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of
your users? Users that are looking for info about their local and US wild real estate market. 
 
6. What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data?
You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind
of data you would like it to contain. You are welcome to create your own API and
populate it with data. If you are using a Python/Flask stack are required to create
your own API.
 
7. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not
know everything in advance and that these details might change later). Answer
questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
a. What does your database schema look like?
b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API? This is especially
important if you are creating your own API, web scraping produces
notoriously messy data.
c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?
d. What functionality will your app include?
e. What will the user flow look like?
f. What features make your site more than a CRUD app? What are your
stretch goals

